[pkg/ottl]: Add MD5 function (#33793)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/ottlfuncs/README.md

- `Int(Log(attributes["duration_ms"])`

### MD5

`MD5(value)`

The `MD5` Converter converts the `value` to a md5 hash/digest.

The returned type is string.

> `value` is either a path expression to a string telemetry field or a literal string. If `value` is another type an error is returned.

Reviewer: Do we have to limit the input to strings? Could we include numbers and byte slices as well for starters?

Reviewer: I took a second look and all our other hash functions have the same restriction, let's just leave this for now.

If an error occurs during hashing it will be returned.

Examples:

- `MD5(attributes["device.name"])`

- `MD5("name")`

> **Note:** According to the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), MD5 is no longer a recommended hash function. It should be avoided except when required for compatibility. New uses should prefer FNV whenever possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** According to the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST), MD5 is no longer a recommended hash function. It should be avoided except when required for compatibility. New uses should prefer a SHA-2 family function (e.g. SHA-256, SHA-512) whenever possible.
```
I'm not sure exactly what to recommend, but FNV is a non-cryptographic hash function, so we should recommend a different cryptographic hash function instead. OTTL at least has SHA-256, and there is an open PR for SHA-512.

Reviewer: I see now that this was just copied from our existing hash functions, sorry for the trouble there. I've updated our other hash function notes as well: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/pull/34359
